Mask Duo by Glossier: How to use:
Smooth a thick layer on to moist skin, avoiding eye area. Relax for 20 minutes, then rinse well with lukewarm water and follow with Soothing Face Mist and Priming Moisturizer.
Use as a perfect follow-up to our Mega Greens Galaxy Pack mask, and/or as often as you’d like.
Benefits:
Soothing
Oxygenating
Conditioning
Hydrating
Key Ingredients:
Oxygenating Agent Supplies stressed skin cells with oxygen, improving texture and leaving a radiant glow.
Natural Emollients Shea butter, plant-derived squalane, and sweet almond and soybean oils are superb moisturizers.
Licorice Root and Lemon Extracts Natural brighteners that work to even skin tone.
Hyaluronic Acid A mega hydrator that visibly plumps skin up with moisture.
Honey and Aloe Natural skin soothers that help attract and retain moisture.
allergy tested, dermatologist tested, appropriate for all skin types, appropriate for sensitive skin, fragrance free, paraben free, cruelty free
How to use:
Apply a thick layer to freshly cleansed moist skin, avoiding eye area, and chill out for 20 minutes. Rinse with lukewarm water and follow with our Moisturizing Moon Mask for the ultimate skin makeover.
Enjoy this gentle, cleansing mask several times a week—or as often as you like.
Benefits:
Balancing
Purifying
Nourishing
Refining
Awards:
2015 Self Beauty Awards
Key Ingredients:
Leafy Green Phytonutrients Parsley, spinach, and cress sprout extract clean and help protect skin against environmental pollutants.
Bitter Orange Peel A super soft, spongy exfoliant that helps promote optimal oil balance.
Creamy White Clay The mildest form of kaolin clay gently purifies pores by drawing out oil and build-up.
Avocado Oil & Aloe Natural moisturizers soften and condition skin.
Superfruit Antioxidant Blend Eight powerful, vitamin- and omega-rich fruit extracts, including acai, aronia, and bilberry, to protect against skin damage.
allergy tested, dermatologist tested, appropriate for all skin types, appropriate for sensitive skin, fragrance free, paraben free, cruelty free, vegan